Now you've had an opportunity to learn
about the essential role you'll be playing
by escalating incidents.
Let's review what we covered
in this section of the course.
We started off by defining
incident escalation and
discussing useful traits needed
to properly escalate incidents.
We also explored a few incident
classification types and
their potential impacts to an organization.
From there, we discussed how small
security incidents can become
bigger problems if not properly addressed.
Finally, we covered some
general guidelines for
the actual process of incident escalation.
This process varies depending on
the organization you work for,
but one thing should always remain
the same: Your attention to detail!
Understanding how each
incident affects the data and
assets of an organization
is really important,
because the decisions you make can affect
the entire security team and organization.
Are you ready to continue
your security journey?!
Coming up we'll discuss stakeholders and
how to communicate effectively with them.